Docs: add guide for enable multicluster (#296)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/install.mdx

  vela addon enable terraform/provider-alibaba ALICLOUD_ACCESS_KEY=xxx ALICLOUD_SECRET_KEY=yyy ALICLOUD_SECURITY_TOKEN=zzz
  ```

> ## 5. [Optional] Enable Multi-Cluster Management

Reviewer: 这一节放到 advanced install那个文档里

> KubeVela provides the capability of orchestrating applications across different kubernetes clusters. This capability can be enabled by running the following command

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KubeVela can orchestrate applications across multiple Kubernetes clusters. This capability is enabled by default, but you can enable it manually by running the following command:
```

```shell
helm upgrade --install kubevela kubevela/vela-core -n vela-system --set multicluster.enabled=true --create-namespace --wait
```

> You can verify it by running `vela cluster list`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Verify that multi-cluster is enabled:
```

```shell
> vela cluster list

> No managed cluster found. 

Reviewer: 这个输出看不出来已经启用还是没启用，如果没启用是什么输出哈

Author: 会报错 `Error: failed to get cluster secret namespace, please ensure cluster gateway is correctly deployed: ClusterGateway APIService v1alpha1.cluster.core.oam.dev is not found`. 我换个方法验证吧，换成`kubectl get APIService v1alpha1.cluster.core.oam.dev` 这样？

Reviewer: 不用，这个会报错挺好的，你要跟用户说明
